https://codepen.io/jaypdl/pen/MWydJLq

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is a way of making the layout of the html more readable by using more descriptive tags.
     
2. What is HTML used for? 
It is used for the general layout of the webpage.
    
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
An attribute is put inside of a tag, it is used for referencing things like a link.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It is used for the main header, it should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
The a tag requires the href attribute, and the img tag requires the src attribute.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
In the head of our html we put in the title of the page, and the link to our css.

    7. What is an id? 
An id is the an element label that can only be used on one item per id.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Any html element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Only once per id

    10. What is a class? 
It is another way to label an element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any html element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As many times as you want.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
add an attribute of target="_blank" to your a tag.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
It is for accessability, it is a text description of the image.

    15. How do I reference an id?
Use a #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section is a semantic html element, and a div is presentational.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
It is to style the page.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
In this case with: h2

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
You could use an id so that you can quickly link to separate parts of the page internally. You want to use a class for your general styling.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
You use a . before the class, ex: .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
It is used for when you want to select one element in another element. For example, choosing the paragraphs in a specific section.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
It is another way to select elements.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-spacing

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {
border: 1px dotted black;
}

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
*
 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/** Comment in here **/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
ls

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

rm , you have to be careful because there is no confirmation, and it is permanent.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
To keep track of changes between you and partners.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
When you make changes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Fork original, Clone to computer, make branch, add and commit changes locally with message of changes, push changes to github, pull request self,  submit link to pull request on canvas.
 
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 